hello world on this episode of the
concrete podcast I got the opportunity
to interview a man by the name of Sean
Atwood Sean is an author and activist
based in the UK who is banned from
America for life in his early 20s Sean
was a stock market millionaire who had a
side hustle selling ecstasy before he
knew it he was importing and
distributing so much that he was in
direct competition with the Gambino
crime family until May 16 2002 when a
SWAT team raided his house and before he
knew it he was facing a 200 year
sentence sean has since written over a
dozen books he's been featured on an
episode of locked up abroad and he
published his content to his YouTube
channel which is linked below I was
floored by not only Sean's personal
journey but his extensive knowledge of
the corruption and politics of the war
on drugs the u.s. prison system and
towards the end of this podcast we dive
deep into the life and death of Jeffrey
Epstein and Sean reveals what his
research on the Epstein conspiracies has
uncovered enjoy the show
alright are you ready yeah cool and
you're in Florida right yes I'm in
Florida I'm in a panic Tampa Tampa area
Florida like kind of the west coast
when's the last time you were in the
United States I got deported in December
2007 December 2007 and you've been in
London correct ever since yeah I was in
the north of the country for my first
year back but I've been in London for
about ten years now
okay Wow yeah so alright anyways well
thank thank you for for doing this it's
great to meet you and become familiar
with your story if you could just for
just for the listeners out there who may
not have heard of you or don't know
about it can you give me sort of a
pre-brief backstory to who you are and
where you came from
yeah my name's Sean Atwoods and I come
from a little chemical manufacturing
town in the north of England the
industrial part of the country didn't
grow up with much money got interested
in the stock market as a kid started
investing when I was 16 doubled my money
right away and I'm telling all my
friends I'm a little town gotta go to
America make a million fly you guys over
that was my dream and that's what I did
did a Business Studies degree at uni
started out in the stock market wolf of
Wall Street style I was grossed in half
a million dollars a year Commission in
the stock market I'm thinking right I'm
in my twenties they want to be going in
the office 6:00 in the morning and you
know cold calling all day long on should
I just start to make money from the
party scene and the UK rave scene had
such a big impression on me when I was
at uni you know just taking ecstasy
taking speed for my first time dancing
all night long hugging people telling
each other our life stories afar right
when I made my money I'm gonna transfer
that scene over to the Sonoran Desert
so I only ended up throwing parties for
up to 10,000 people at time now there's
not much ecstasy out there so I also set
up and
see operation it was in competition with
Sammy the bull Gravano whose guys they
ended up knocking the teeth out of my
top salesperson
fortunately back then I had the
protection of the New Mexican Mafia
which is the most powerful mafia in
Arizona at the time so you know my ego
was as big as the Grand Canyon I'm the
man now I'm living like a character of a
movie throwing parties from 10,000
people got my bouncers running around
people coming up to me all night long
thanking me for the pills and you know
so I was emotionally immature drugs are
put a cloud in my head I didn't know was
a scrambled my decision-making processes
and surrounded myself with equally
insane people and we were all just
reinforced in each other's crazy behave
and it got really dangerous but when
you're on drugs the drug has given you
false courage and it's telling you
you're cool you're the man you living
like a coward off a movie but whilst
that cloud lifted out my head and I look
back in the prison I was like Jesus how
on earth he's still alive
Sammy the bald son told me in prison you
know he'd been dispatched one night to
kidnap me from a nightclub and take me
out to the desert
and the only reason those guys had
missed us
and I'm crew showed up at the crowbar is
because my best mate one of my bouncers
huge guy called wild man he's that
there's a lot of videos on my channel
he's a maniac he'd got in a situation
and we'd had to leave that club in a
hurry so again you know the drugs
telling me this is cool but that could
could have very easily ended up with me
being taken out to the desert Wow
now during all of this this ecstasy
dealing and running around how old were
you and how much money were you making
it this time okay so I started the stock
market when I was 16 borrowed 50 pounds
off my name which was about 70 80
dollars back then and double-dare that
was a big deal to me when I got to
America after business studies at uni I
arrived only with my student credit
cards
never work visa but I fully intended to
conquer the world I'm just out of uni
I've watched that movie Wall Street
greed is good and that was my motto
nothing was gonna stop me work visa
wasn't even the consideration at a
printing set ready and mahan it was it
was mentoring me let's say back then we
were ready to print a visa into my
passport if necessary so first couple of
years it was commission only and I'm new
to telesales and I'm running out money
on my student credit cards down to
living off cheese on toast and bananas
worried and we have to come home but
five years in I'm the top guy in the
office grossing half a million a year
got me on secretary cold callers what I
end up with enough money to retain
that's what I did and I stuck that into
technology shares and they show up
during the.com bubble and that's how I
became a millionaire so the sad thing is
I didn't even need to begin a fault in
the drugs but it was all ego-driven I've
written about Escobar and his brother
said to him when he was worth billions
why don't we just buy our own island
kick back we won't get arrested we won't
get killed by rivals and Escobar's like
I'm running this multi-billion dollar
business I decide who the President of
Colombia is I've got tens of thousands
of people working for me and you want me
to kick back on some Island you know in
a deck chair sipping a cocktail they
what my point being is addiction to the
lifestyle is more powerful than
addiction to the drugs an addiction to
the fast cash you know I was a shy
anxious student in this country before I
went out there I almost got beat to
death by some drunks when it was years
later in therapy I learned to go deep
inside myself and address some of the
root causes of what I'd done and I was
taking ecstasy and speed because I had
social anxiety people saw this wild and
crazy party animal who once got off the
drugs I was
of this reserved person again so you
asked about money but it was more fueled
by the mental addiction to being the man
living in a million dollar house on the
side of a mountain swimming pool jacuzzi
you know my wife yeah she'd done a
university stuff but she was also doing
a lesbian internet porn when you're a
testosterone guy in your 20s this is
what you aspire to why I see the error
of my ways now and I'm also going to
school and speak to kids and dissuade
them from doing the crazy stuff I did
Wow so you were already making millions
of dollars before you even entered this
drug world yes I bought one shares in
one company a stock it was called
Pacific satellite nonsense nonsense rrah
an Indonesian telecom company and I
bought them around five dollars sure in
the late 1990s and during the peak of
the dot-com bubble that one alone hit 50
I had multiple positions like that in
satellite and tech and telecoms Wow
I do I'd wake up send my computer on and
I'd be up some days like a hundred grand
yeah that's unbelievable and that this
was all during the dot-com bubble Nicky
said join the bubble yeah so once you
got into dealing ecstasy and and making
lots more money dealing ecstasy you said
you were getting it from Holland is that
correct okay so in the beginning I was
just throwing house parties and showing
off on buying drugs and giving it away
for free and that was when I was still
working as a stockbroker my best friend
from childhood Wildman came over and he
his place where he stayed just became a
permanent party house and it's through
him I met a lot of the characters that
became my business partners later on
from various mafias and we realized we
could only get a hundred pills from the
local dealers and I'm swaggin I'm now
I'm thinking all right
do I want to keep working the stock
market these long hours or should I
apply my business studies knowledge to
running an ecstasy importation business
in the beginning articles that la found
that the local peelers are getting them
out of LA first time I went out there by
a thousand pills whatever it was I took
wild man I took two crews we had two
cars and we're parked on the street in
some area of Hollywood and we're waiting
for this guy he's not even home so I'm
thinking you know this is setup the
police watching his house this guy am I
gonna go into money and he's gonna rob
me I would in the house on my own when
we saw him arrive and he was like a
surfer gangster dude and he had these
characters with him like out of Point
Break that movie yeah so I go in I'm
shitting myself basically I've never
done anything at this level before this
is quite heavy for me at this point in
my life I tell him I've got the money
where's the pills he goes alright I'll
go and get him I'm thinking he's gonna
go back in the room come out with a gun
just take my money off me could have
been done as easy as that
but he comes out with the biggest bag of
pills I've ever seen in my life and I
say do you mind if I try one first
because I knew the taste of ecstasy says
do you want a drink
said no I'm just gonna chew it because I
know what a good ecstasy tastes like
chewed it it tasted good we did the deal
I'm just dancing in my car all the way
back to Arizona and those pills through
wild man's apartment in Tempe Arizona
all those pills went within a weekend
then I've realized okay ecstasy is a
scarce commodity in Arizona it's gone
for 25-30 dollars in the clubs right now
this is definitely something I could
make money off and have fun but because
of that decision I lost absolutely
everything so I built up an organization
from the over a hundred people arrested
with me but I had about over 200 working
for me at the peak event and the LA guys
could get you know up to five thousand
pills at a time and it just wasn't doing
it anymore because demand was so high
I've got this vertically integrated
operation
now we're buying throwing raves I've got
a rave clothing music store got all this
money laundering stuff going home and so
I couldn't leave the country because I
was an illegal alien I got married three
times but never they never lasted long
enough for me to get my green card so I
had to send people out to Holland with
testing kits from a website called dance
safe so a good ecstasy pill usually like
a beige pressured be hundred 125
milligrams of MDMA and clay and when you
test it in this kit it changes this
thing's like a purple blue color so you
know I was also worried if I'm bringing
bulk pills back to the states if there's
some kind of toxic substance in them you
know people could potentially die so
nobody ever died off the pills that we
brought in we would have known right
away because we had the seam locked down
for years and so Simon de bal moved in
and I had a reputation for bringing in
good quality pills now at the peak of it
the smugglers are bringing in like 3040
thousand pills at a time one woman
smuggler she was stopped in Phoenix Sky
Harbor Airport and they were in vitamin
containers jars in her luggage they took
her in a room empty the luggage out
searched through it put the pills on the
table he said - what are they shed
vitamins and they were like cool put
them back in the luggage in sobs have a
nice day so after that after that I
consulted a lawyer and the lawyer said
stop bringing them in to America bring
him in through Mexico so I invested in a
beachfront condo in pods Penasco Rocky
Point were the students from Arizona and
California they go down there and they
party there's a lot of people come in
and go enjoy certain times of the year
to bring loads over the border the
Arizona border and my smugglers would
fly from Hermosillo Airport over to
Mexico City they'd get her friends over
to Paris and then they'd jump on a train
you know through over to Holland
so jumping on a on a plane from Holland
back to the States
you're gonna get busted very easily
doing now and this was before 9/11 and
nobody please try this now you know you
could you could when when you're on your
actual flight back to Mexico you could
have people literally sometimes have the
pills just in pillowcases in their
luggage if you wanted to be more secure
you could have them screwed into
computer towers and bring computer
towers back instead and then once they
got to Hermosillo the pills would be
transferred when they were smuggled back
down to Rocky Point over to other people
in case the original smugglers had been
detected in any way and the secondary
group of people will be down there in
like nice SUVs with ASU University of
Arizona Arizona State University
stickers on them diving tanks tourists
bric-a-brac and you know when you got to
the border and I was like I said I was
illegal alien but I was confident enough
to just go down to Mexico then because
they didn't ask you for ID they just
asked if you were a US citizen and if
you white and you just get through
basically so that's what happened I
smuggled numerous people in from England
who had been deported wild man could be
point free time so being a menace to
society I just have people smuggling him
back in through Mexico so it was quite
easy for us to cross the border and
nobody ever got busted bringing pills
across the Arizona border in from Mexico
Wow now how how did you get involved
with the is it called the New Mexican
Mafia yeah how did you get involved with
the New Mexican Mafia and for those who
don't know who what is the New Mexican
Mafia okay there's a movie called
American me American me about la ma so
these are gangs that come out of the
prison system
and you know you've heard of the Aryan
Brotherhood that came out of the
California prison system a lot of these
gangs originated in the California
prison system and it spreads throughout
the country okay so you know there's a
California la ma and then they branched
out and there was a Arizona let ma and
these are Chicanos Mexican Americans not
like the original Mexican Mafia like the
cartels out of Mexico and some people do
confuse that okay now now I mentioned
the wild man was opening the door to a
lot of relationships with gangsters
because he's just so loud and wherever
he goes he attracts this eclectic group
of people in these apartments he's got
like transvestite Native Americans in
one corner Russian mafia over here
Chicano gang members over here
gangbangers over street prostitutes it's
just this eclectic makes people
everyone's on ecstasy and everyone's
getting along and telling some of the
life stories and shit it's crazy so
anyway we were at an apartment party in
a complex in Tempe called Rancho Murieta
this was a huge complex so we had
multiple apartments in there where we
could party out where we could store
ecstasy where we could do deals out of
etc and we were in one of those
apartments and everyone was just chilly
now people smoking weed listening to
rave music people on ecstasy
having a good time I'm there to supply
the ecstasy and this Mexican American
guy comes in and he's supplying the weed
and the coke and cost me the supply as
we it's often we start talking so a
policeman walks in a tempe policeman and
he goes I could smell weed from outside
nobody move and the guy I'm speaking to
just pours out gum points at the cop
goes the only one who's not leaving
you motherfucker everybody run so we all
run off into the night now I've never
seen anything this heavy before so I'm
crapping myself I go to one of the
nearest apartments where we've got
people in the selling pills for us and
we're hearing the sirens we're in a
helicopter come in and we're all like
shit what we're gonna do
should we flush our pills or what we're
gonna get busted
but there was also like so many people
at that apartment party were hoping that
the cop kinda wouldn't recognize us
maybe if we got rounded up so while
we're debating whether to flush our
stuff
all of a sudden French window Batman
Batman Batman they say the cops are what
oh shit so we look through the window
and it's the Mexican American guy and
he's like let me in let me in so he
schooled us right away he said look turn
the lights off turn the TV off you don't
need to flush the drugs they're not
gonna get in they don't have a warrant
they can't get warrant that quick
there's too many apartments they knock
on the door just don't answer it yeah we
were all like thinking he's full of shit
they're probably gonna just knock the
door down any second
boy it did pass it did pass they came
and knocked and they went on and knock
next door and they went on their way so
we have a tense situation in this place
we're laying low and at the end of the
night he says look cuz you and your
friends protected me me and my brothers
I've got your back and I had no idea
what that meant
so a few months later he says one of my
brothers wants to meet you I go over to
the street there's all these lowrider
showcase cars on the road goes to the
door
his brother answers the door he's gotta
know her and he's just looking at me
scrunch in his face you know he's just
it was this pale skinny English guy and
all of a sudden I imagine that's what
he's thinking I got talking and then he
starts buzzing off my accent he's like
damn you talk funny I guess you are from
England come in and meet my homies they
got the biggest TV I've ever seen him
life that got a little TV showing that
all the comings and goings on the street
outside in case the cops are coming
they're gonna know in advance and then I
did a double take because on top of the
TV I'm like alright I've seen one of
them before all in a minute yeah it was
in a Rambo movie they got a
rocket-propelled grenade launcher on top
of the TV yeah so I knew I knew they
were lethal people I didn't fully
understand that they were the New
Mexican Mafia and so that was years
later when they were on the news and I
go over to the brothers house I'm
droppin the Mexican guy off and the
whole neighborhood is blacked out and in
the the police are out with light ones
guiding the traffic and they're all
bringing being brought out in by the
feds in a SWAT team it was news
headlines that night New Mexican Mafia
most powerful mafia in Arizona at the
time killed witnesses trying to kill
police trying to kill the head of the
Department of Corrections and I want to
go caught in that rate basically I've
been there a bit a little bit earlier so
yeah that's how I knew they were the
guys who had my back wow that's that's
pretty incredible the fact that you were
mixed up with those guys and at what
point where were you when you saw all
this going down where you had you
already been locked up at that point or
were you where were you at that point I
started getting the EXCI out of LA in
the 1990s around 96 97 mm-hmm by 98 99
the people are bringing the ex-ceo from
Holland Sammy the ball he got SWAT team
raided and arrested a year or two before
me I got arrested
on may 16 2002 can you explain to me
what it was like the day you finally got
busted
Shh I'd met a woman fall in love and she
taught me out of the importation and I
thought I'd got away of it I was naive
to the statute of limitations whereby
the cops don't need to catch with drugs
all it takes is someone from your past
within a seven-year period to tell them
they've done a transaction with you so
ten witness statements were given to the
police I've enrolled in college I'm
studying Spanish I'm trading the stock
market online wake up early for the
stock market open and all of a sudden
BAM a mad mad mad mad man on the door
Tempe police we've got a warrant so I
jump up look out the people it's blacked
out I'm wondering all right are these
people pretending that would be the
police found out where I live just
trying to rob me or are they really the
cops so I run to the front window peep
out and the whole building is surrounded
police marksmen police vehicles more
cops come stomping up the stairs
girlfriends at the bedroom I go through
all right we're better let them in so we
get halfway through the living room then
just door just flies off the hinges
hands above your heads get on the ground
now
don't move so there was a detective that
I've called detective read in my book
party time
and he just hoist me up by the cuffs and
he's like English Sean you're a big name
from the rave scene I know this raid is
gonna justify the charges you know we've
been after you for years basically
gotcha you know so I'm still in this
naive State of Mind thinking all right
yeah raid my house is the combo for the
safe there isn't any drugs in here
thinking they find no drugs that got
released me but once we got to the after
we went through the Tempe jail process
we went over to the count
to jail to sheriff joe arpaio notorious
jail system and the intake was called a
horseshoe horseshoe formation of cells
that you go for you know for days
subterranean you don't know if it's day
or night other than the heat rising and
falling against the walls during the
going through the horseshoe you get your
paperwork see got a little counter
there's a woman behind it and she gave
me my charges and she gave me my bail
bond and that was seven hundred and
fifty thousand dollars cash only on one
charge alarm which was conspiracy which
i didn't understand at a time
how old rios i think i was about 30 to
33 jesus okay yeah so in the horseshoe
me my co-defendants are all nonplussed
about what they're actually gonna charge
us for what evidence they've got you see
a judge and you plead your case and he
was having none of it with us and then
at the end of the horseshoe you get your
classification and they send you to a
cell in a county jail so most of the
co-defendants were assigned to minimum
security and in the beginning me and
Wildman were assigned to medium security
so there's quite a few ending up in
medium security but i was housed
separately from them because of the
nature of the case they didn't want me
being around my co-defendants
influencing them and stuff like that so
by the time I get to Towers jail I know
nobody in there and the Aryan
Brotherhood Skynyrd guys had just run
him wild and they come up to me right
away and they're like hey we want a word
of you getting that cell over there you
can't say no to these guys that they're
just gonna smash your head into the wall
so I go in the cell they close the door
behind me
biggest one gets in my face what are you
charges what are you charges charges on
a print out from the jail it's all legal
terminology like I said I'm new to this
game and I don't understand what it
means
so I give the crappiest answer in the
world I don't know my charges mean but
it is not like that one bit
now the gum against the wall like what
do you mean you don't know what you
charge is media with Teahupoo you chomo
I'll even or cha is fray so in the end
because not National Geographic did a
documentary about my story unlocked of a
broad raving Arizona but what they
didn't show was in the end and in that
scene I pulled out my charge sheet they
want to see your paperwork they saw him
for drugs that's acceptable
nearly everyone is in drug in prison is
drug-related they saw my bail bond was
$750,000 cash only they loved that
welllike
who'd you kill you guys the Mafia or
what and I'm like no just raves ecstasy
blah blah blah you know you shouldn't
really talk about your case when you're
going to jail
I give that out on Prison survival
advice videos now but I'd no clue on day
one and I was fearing for my life that
these guys are gonna attack me at what
point was the roaches when was the
roaches and the sweaty and and the skin
like falling off like cuz it was so
soggy alright I spend extremely long
time fight in my case I got the lawyer
that the New Mexican Mafia guys
recommended to me hmm
and because I wasn't cooperating because
I wouldn't sign a plea bargain
the prosecutor pulled out every dirty
trick in the book including
criminalizing my girlfriend so she
couldn't visit me so as it's going along
I'm also in court when we go caught all
my co-defendants I get to meet them some
being wild man you know will I all right
we've got a united front now my lawyer
is the lead lawyer
nobody needs to cooperate don't sign
this think I'll exhibit a they were
giving everyone saying you work for
showing outward in the outward
Enterprise and it was really pissing the
prosecutor off because in summing the
Bulls case I think 57 people were
arrested with him and they all cooperate
it quite quickly
now our I'd built like a tight crime
family kind of thing not a mafia crime
family a rave crime family now we're
talking cuddle puddles and vixen hailers
no Joe Pesci style you know killing
people in the boots of cars like that
right but we were all very tight-knit
family of misfits that had come together
in this community so only four people
cooperated in my entire case which was
phenomenal Wow
so the process the prosecutor was
frantic my life saying they've got a
flimsy case they missed the boat they
don't have any drug evidence against you
it's just the testimony of these people
uncle speaks on my behalf he's ex-cop
thinking wow this is going great
prosecutor she sabotages the hearing the
judge doubles my bond to 1.5 million
dollars cash only now when your bond
goes over a mil you automatically
reclassified from medium-security over
to maximum security which was mostly
murderers and I ended up in a cellmate
with a crystal meth chemist so go over
to max 2:00 in the morning I've been in
like prison transportation all day and
sitting in holding cells and whatnot
pretty tired and I get to the cell in
the Madison Street jail walk in it's a
two month cell and I see my cellmate
asleep on the top bunk at the back I'm
thinking that's split we had wonder why
he's not on the bottom bunk because
where I come from people fight over the
bottom bunk so I was thinking some he's
not quite right walking a little bit
more something drops off the ceiling and
bounces off my shoulder
like what was that and I'm looking
around at the walls and the ceiling I
was to see this strange movement like a
swirl effect I think my eyes are playing
tricks I'm tripping so I put my face
right up to the wall to see what was
going on and it was absolutely covered
in American cockroaches about the size
of an almond nut and they were just
coming out of holes in the wall the bunk
where I was supposed to sleep out there
was like these brackets attached to the
wall and they were just pouring out
inches away from the bunk and I don't
thinking you know I've got use of the
violence by now but how am I gonna deal
with this and how am I gonna get to
sleep so I'm noticing my cellmate he's
got like this cocoon around him this is
this white sheet and a breathing hole so
he looks like The Mummy so I got on the
bunk wrap myself up in the sheet but
this is the Sonoran Desert it's almost
like 120 hundred thirty degrees on your
scale almost fifty degrees on our scale
and if you wrap yourself up in a sheet
it traps that hot earth of your body and
you've already got all these bleeding
and itching skin infections and bed
sores because it's hardly any air coming
into the cells like a swamp cooler but
the only time it worked was on the
county health inspector watford to build
him so you saw itchy and your skin's so
soggy though from sweating scratch
yourself clumps of your own skin comes
up on the nail so you compressed in this
sheet around you and all the sweat just
driving you insane and in the end you're
like ah you throw this shit up just let
him crawl on you now fortunately they
don't bite they start out tickling your
feet your limbs so this day if anyone
tickles my hands I flinch because I woke
up some nights I'm tickling my hands get
on your face mouth nose well the
favorite place of all is going in your
ears Co earwax it's like honey to them I
mean yeah I would rip a piece of towel
and make a little cloth to wash my face
and some pig in my ears and get the
earwax out and I put it somewhere to dry
and the cockroaches would get on the
flannel and they'd be like pulsing on
the earwax just sucking the air wax up
so that was no special treat now this
was constant 8:00 at night was locked
down all the prisoners go back to the
cells
guards lock the doors you shut in ten
lights out just before the lights go out
the cockroaches line up in the cracks in
the wall doing this movement weird
antennae sticking out like an army
waiting to invade then as soon as the
lights go out that's it they just flood
the room so over time you know you've
got all these fungal infections on your
skin and so over time you just accept
that they're gonna crawl on you I woke
up you know constantly with them
tickling me going on my face on my mouth
and you kind of in the end you rebelling
against and you're going days and days
without sleep and the answer put me on
some medication but you learn to be at
peace with your cell mates whether they
are humans are insects in the long run
otherwise you're going to do yourself in
psychologically so I learned all of the
characteristics if you start like
slapping a sandal down on while it
releases the chemical smell and these
warrior ones come running under yourself
door if they manage to lay their eggs
which are in that piece of a worm it
looks like a piece of a worm and they'll
attach that on the a bunk or they'll
attach that to one of your books if you
don't notice it and that thing bursts up
and all those little ones come out they
are all over the place as well then some
prisoners were doing cockroach races
gambling on the winner if you try and
drown them they just pretend that
they're drowned and they pull they get
into this position but they're actually
holding oxygen to themselves they're
just crafty little bastards I saw white
ones look like albino ones but yeah I
mean I just watch her in the end and
just just laugh at them and I would
cement the toothpaste cement all the
cracks in the walls I remember one time
I submitted my whole cell I was so proud
of myself this is the smell smell minty
fresh we got this sheriff joe arpaio
gave us this toothpaste called a mirror
fresh
and years later it was Lily's buying
from China or something the years later
there was like it was learned that was
like antifreeze in it and all this kind
of shit yeah so that night that I sealed
the whole cell up and I was that piece
the guards come roll up at words we're
moving you to another cell I didn't have
any I didn't have any toothpaste left
and the cell was just even worse with
the cockroaches from the cell bird left
you know I tried to meditate at night in
my black and white striped trousers
pants
I took them into my pink shorts sit on
some books get in the position and I've
got my trousers tucked into my socks so
that they can't you know start crawling
up my legs I'm just just a few inches
away from the wall and they're all over
the wall behind me but when you were
asleep when you're trying to sleep on
that bunk the bunk is like inches away
from the wall so you just they're right
in front of your face all night long so
I was in that maximum-security facility
for another year after my first year
spent the whole second year twenty and
two months a year in two months in the
maximum security Madison Street jail
which was you know completely cockroach
she fasted so I had to learn to
harmonize with the insects and this was
a Arizona store oh yeah all my time was
done in Arizona yeah I was it was a
state it was a State offense the feds
dropped it now you talk a lot about a
guy named to Tony's yeah is that where
you met him no I met him in the prison
in the prison system okay so so jail is
where you're on remand which means in
America that you're on sentenced so it's
very transitory environment all the new
arrestees are coming in and out people
have moved beat up by the cops in
gunfights people are high people are
drunk and it's just bedlam and they've
got these cells that are supposed to
hold one person but they got to four
people in each cell so all the buildings
are like three to four times the amount
of people that should be in them so it's
just May
and then like I said in the previous
videos the Aryan robotic prison gang
decides who lives and dies in the white
race all the gangs just running the
drugs through the jail that's how they
make the cash that guy to Tony's how how
did you end up meeting him and what kind
of effect did he have on your stay or
your life afterwards okay so when I had
finished my own sentence period and I
got sentenced to nine and a half years
because I hadn't cooperated with the
prosecutors she done a number of tricks
on me throughout my room and like
stopping my girl from a visit me but a
final farewell what she accidentally put
my 9 and a half year sentence down as 34
years so I was fast-tracked to Supermax
then or about three or four months where
was it supposed to be until they fixed
that after that I got sentenced to
medium security hoping that they would
be softer than you know Supermax and
these other places have come from Macs
in there the jail why I end up in a cell
with a serial home invader torturing
this guy was breaking into people's
houses tying him up with duct tape and
taking hammers to their kneecaps and
he's welcome statements of me I've got a
padlock in a sock because smashy brain
zoom obviously can kill you and everyone
so Eden like me from the get-go he was
an old con he looked at me as a fresh
fish he just was running a tattoo shop
illegal tattoo shop out the sell and
just you know doing the heroin all day
and I mean no you know I've got an
education bit of a nerdy guy so he
didn't he didn't like that at all so he
got his mate who was a huge guy to
attack me when my parents have flown
5,000 miles to visit me for Christmas
prisons like high school mentality with
deadly consequences but the two things
prisoners look forward to the most are
visits and mail so he knew by spoiling
that visit you know that would be
devastating for me so I'm on the way to
the visit
big guy just chicken shit move sneaks up
behind me BAM Bam's that's kidney punch
in all the prisoners stop see my
reaction cuz gang rule is you must hit
back or else you're a punk
everyone's gonna pray on you if you
don't hit back bad consequences with the
prisoners but if you do hit back in the
guard see it then you arrest it sense of
prison within the prison lockdown lose
all your privileges including your
visits and they can add more time on to
your sentence if you don't hit back you
become a prison Punk you're gonna spend
the rest of your time inside cleaning
people's toilets performing sexual
services and getting rented that was a
prison prostitute so what are you doing
that situation you gotta throw the kicks
and punches well this guy was so big and
strong it was like hitting a big bag of
cement it didn't end that well for me he
knocked me down smash me up and I ended
up going to the visit all injured now I
didn't manage to get moved out with that
cell and my new cellmate Long Island
he'd come from a prison were his
neighbor it said if you coming into
contact with an English gang with Shawn
he's a good dude I did business with him
on the streets missus guy called
gangster Dan from Philadelphia yeah like
he's thumb missing and shit so Long
Island ends up my cellmate and the
chances of that I mean there's 60,000
people in the prison system at that
point in time prisons all over Arizona's
they've expanded with the private
prisons so as much as people came out
the blue to harm me people came out the
blue to help me now Long Island he
caught wind of the beef I'd had with my
previous cellmate he was still sweating
me a bit frying batteries at me and shit
and so he decided to introduce me to
someone who could protect me and that
was to Tony's because he knew but if I
clicked up with him I might you know it
would help me on the yard so he didn't
tell me that he said look I want you to
have a game of chess with my friend in
Sioux Tony's all right cool what's he in
for
he's a multiple homicide murderer he's
doing a hundred and forty-one years he
left the dead bodies of rivals from
Arizona swill
he's old-school Italian mafia never
harmed women or kids so if you only
murdered rival gangsters you're top of
the respect in the prison now to tony's
worked for the Bonanno crime family on
the job were now no senior Joe Bonanno
senior was one of the longest running
ever heads of the mafia Council and yeah
he did eventually get run out of New
York and ended up in Tucson Arizona Bob
yeah he died of natural causes so it was
quite a shrewd individual and to Tony's
was taught by Charlie batts Battaglia
which was a banana lieutenant how to
whack people and dispose of the bodies
did not get caught because Charlie batts
Battaglia had whacked people from coast
to coast and he hadn't got caught now
before I could stop Long Island going to
get to Tony's cuz I'm like shitting it
now thinking all right what if I beat
him at chess maybe he's gonna know maybe
I'll be next on his hit list but before
I could stop him he just took off so I'm
stood in the dayroom
crapping myself well to Tony he's got a
lot of time I now like 20-something
here's maybe folks some years it comes
down the stairs like uncle Jun about The
Sopranos and then in a fake British
accent he put he saw it he sees I'm
nervous and he puts me out easy girls
have you ever had bloody tea and
crumpets with the Beatles
blood like bloody tea crumpets yeah so I
played chess with him I beat him quite
fast and at the end of the game he said
how come he beat me so fast I said
because you kept speaking your mind
throughout the game you wouldn't show
someone your hand in a game of cards
with you and he slaps his head he goes
oh me and my big mouth I didn't know he
was testing me Long Islander told him I
was a writer and I had a blog John Jill
journal and to charli's was looking for
someone to write his life story mm-hmm
so he said look Shawn to stay alive on
the road of life I've had to become a
quick judge of character I like you I
think you know this guy would you be
willing to write my life
I said yeah we'll be honored now I
wasn't supposed to go in his cell for
cell visiting is prohibited but he had
people stationed outside watching for
guards and I'm in his cell now for
months on end every single day right in
his life story down as a book and by the
end of it he said that he felt like I
was the son that he never had and when
we were out the fence saying goodbye
just as I was about to get released by
that time I was in minimum scores he
came to the fence to say goodbye both of
our eyes were miss leaned over and we
had that's such a powerful bond now
sadly to Tony's died in 2010 from liver
cancer from his own drug taking so he
didn't get to see the publication of his
book which is called the Mafia
philosopher - Tom Reiss which is
available worldwide on Amazon if anybody
wants to check that out Wow you also
wrote a book kind of that explains I
think we talked earlier about how most
of the people were in there for
drug-related crimes is that right
yeah and you have a strong opinion on a
book you wrote or there's a book that
you wrote that kind of covers the war on
drugs I have a war on drugs series of
books okay the first the first I use I
tried to use the most gripping stories
to get the message across
right the first one was Pablo Escobar
beyond narcos then American made who
killed Barry seal Pablo Escobar George
HW Bush then the Cali cartel and then
the one that was just released for
Christmas is Clinton Bosch and CIA
conspiracies from the boys on the tracks
- Jeffrey Epstein all those are
available on Amazon Wow now what is your
I guess just for the sake of time what
what is your like a hundred mile up
perspective wide view of the war on
drugs
I guess not only in the world but in the
u.s. it's the war on the pole it's the
war on people of color it's the war on
people who are addicted to drugs it's
the war on
soldiers who are coming back with PTSD
before I got arrested I felt prisoners
lock him up throw away the key the
pedophiles murderers rapists because the
media all they do is report extreme
crimes on one side and see how easy is
that got Playstations gone me if we
would look she's on the other but when I
go in there at the peak at the war on
drugs
I saw the average arrest was a black kid
or a Mexican kid a bit of weed get like
a 2 to 5 year sentence prison is the
biggest house of the mentally ill third
of them couldn't even read all right so
to fill the private prisons they mass
incarcerated low-level drug users
because the prisons got $50,000 of
taxpayers money per year per prisoner
and the dominant drug that they mass
incarcerated people for was weed Wow Oh
almost a million arrests a year for weed
not dealers dealers are hard to catch
versus users weed possession so because
of this America's got one in a hundred
adults in prison 25% of the world's
prison population for a tall black man
it's 1 in 20 something I just watched
that movie just mercy if he won't
understand what's really going on in the
prison system I urge people to watch
that movie about the racism and the
lawyers the jail is a conveyor belt to
the prison system they don't want you to
go to trial if it went to trial it would
it would bankrupt the system they scare
the shit out of you these prosecutors
that they use car salespeople sign here
take 10 years I'll go to trial and get a
hundred and you people don't want to
risk it even innocent people like Kylie
like the story of Kali feels like I've
done I did steal a backpack I ain't
sign-in if anyone's watched on Netflix
and they said we'll let you out some
I'll just sign sign your kill
we must be justified in spending
taxpayers money on this bullshit right
that's all it is that the government has
a feeding trough of taxpayers money
trillions if not you know billions
trillions of dollars and to spend that
on the prisons they have to keep the
public terrified that you know serial
killers are running wild and we're gonna
keep locking people up all costs and if
you kidding smoking marijuana he's gonna
grab an axe and kill his granny right
yeah but people are sick if their people
are wising up left and right there's all
kinds of Netflix and there's all kinds
of activism going on on the Internet
what what was the what was the name of
the movie that you recommended just now
or any congestion there on Netflix or
any books
okay I'll Netflix the story of Khalif
just MERS mercy is the movie if you want
to see I've written a book called on
making a murderer about the 10 ways
prosecutors and detectives framed Steven
Avery and Brendan Dassey from making a
murder because being uncensored
sometimes I saw all the tricks the
prosecutors pull on people see it's just
to get to set them up create emotional
reactions procure a false witnesses pay
expert witnesses to lie my lawyer got
rake round the snaggletooth killed off
death row
state of Arizona paid $50,000 to set
make an expert witness say his teeth
match the teeth on the bite mark of a
deceased person when they knew it didn't
and the DNA didn't match they suppress
it and they found him guilty because
they gave him $5,000 to defend himself
the US justice system is corrupt to the
core it's been taken over by vested
interests there's a saying in prison you
know a jury would indict a ham sandwich
because the state has got all the best
most money in the world to put on the
best theater show give someone $5,000 to
defend themselves they can't put on a
theater show and of course just the
innocent do you see any possibility of
this changing in the future whether it
be near or far and if so how do you see
that changing I know there's countries
other countries like Portugal that have
figured out ways to kind of curb this
problem what is a politician someone who
just wants to get votes whatever way the
wind is blowing so look at the Clintons
they locked up more nonviolent drug
offenders including a record amount of
women
for doing the exact same vent offenses
that bill clinton was doing i mean bill
clinton his brother roger got arrested
in a drug deal he said he was buying
some of it for bail because he's got a
nose like a vacuum cleaner yet yet yet
these hypocritical bastards lock up
hundreds of thousands of people
criminalizing young people ruining their
lives
half of my friends in prison was was
veteran soldiers come back from wars
that they've been duped into by bush and
clinton and then they go don't get any
help they got PTSD and they end up on
street drugs
but when hillary was up with the last
election
she was spouting off about mass
incarceration and how terrible it was
for you know the black people and the
women so when you got evil psychopaths
in power and i believe it's only the
psychopaths that can rise to the top of
politics right they're the biggest
crooks in the world the people have got
to put the pressure because the skirt of
the votes and as the people voting at
the state level that is decriminalized
and legalized weed and this causes
reversal worldwide because it was
america that introduced all these laws
to the entire world
the earliest cannabis laws were
pharmaceutical society's in california
they wanted it illegal because they
didn't want people growing free medicine
in their own backyards then at the
federal level Harry Anslinger came in he
was working for Andrew Mellon and all
these other interests fledgling
petrochemicals farmer plastics and a
demonized it said you know black men on
marijuana will want to rape every white
woman in sight went to the United
Nations and said to the entire world if
you don't sign on for America's drug
laws America is not going to trade with
you so that's why the whole world has
got all this violence right now
everything from knife crime in London so
all these people dying in Mexico that is
to do with drugs being illegal and
criminals competing for that black
market profit because by making drugs
illegal they made worthless plants more
valuable than gold weed was called weak
as it grew the sides of roads
Pablo Escobar could get Coca paste the
$60 a kilo and because of drug laws he
could sell it for 60,000 aquila on the
streets of America when he was getting
started in the 70s so drug laws have
created the biggest profits opportunity
in the history of the world for the
cartels and the politicians know this
because they saw the same thing happened
with alcohol prohibition right Al
Capone's running around with his machine
guns people getting slaughtered people
are getting corrupted
well they've not stopped it with drugs
because they've learned to profit from
it the contracts are in the tens of
billions a year for the private prisons
and that's just one entity parasitical
entity there are hundreds of them
everything from razor wire to telephone
services three strikes law in California
three crimes and you're serving life
they have people there in life of
stealing pizzas and chocolate chip
cookies twenty five years times fifty
thousand dollars 1.25 million pretend a
ten dollar pizza so the California
taxpayers were like why are we doing
this this doesn't make sense they tried
to get it reversed and when they tried
to get it reversed the wall of money
rose up and stopped it and the two
principal sources were the prison guards
Union of California which had paid up to
the governor off I think was like a
million to get three strikes introduced
in the first place and one of the
founders of Broadcom exclusive provider
of telephone services to the California
state prison system Wow that is it that
is a heap that you just dropped now the
US US justice system US justice system
is one of the biggest employers in the
world if they legalized drugs it would
whack the US economy because all those
courts would be empty all those jail
cells will be on see all those people in
those bumpkins sounds are working as
prison guards will be unemployed again
it would slam the economy so hard these
vested interests just keep it going I
mean I'm sure you keep up with it but as
far as the next presidential election in
the US
who do you like if you were living in
the US and you were a US citizen who do
you like that that's running so far okay
so so I view all people at the top of
politics as absolute Psychopaths okay
and I'm an observer of politics I don't
participate I've never voted I am you
know interested in the different
characters that they rise to the top and
I have extensively researched the bush
crime family in the Clinton crime
families and that's that's how you know
I came to these conclusions and came to
write this war on drugs series of books
so I've not researched Trump that much
but we're seeing a rise of populism
worldwide in the UK here the people
voted for brexit that was part of that I
do talks across the country I go in
these small towns and I hear the people
who are Pro brexit and it's it's crazy
because the Conservative Party here cut
that vote and they simply go because
they're typically what the wealthy
people vote for well because the working
along the working-class people were Pro
brexit they voted for the Conservative
Party
so the Conservative Party has learned
how to harness the votes of the poor
people but it's now it's that rise of
populism if you can ride that if you can
attach onto that right now you will win
your the election because that's
happening worldwide and you know I read
over a thousand books in prison and just
on the six years a lot of history
philosophy psychology and if you go back
to the 1900s exactly the same thing
happened then it was a precursor for the
world wars
so also related to this you have become
quite you become an expert in the life
of Jeffrey Epstein and the crimes of
Jeffrey Epstein and you've released on
your channel
I believe it's over a hundred videos
related to Jeffrey Epstein yeah how did
you get so fascinated by the story of
this man and can you elaborate a little
bit more about this appeared on him the
people who watch and subscribe to my
channel I'm post-call
and contact me through email social
media they completely steer what I do
everything has done has been at their
suggestions so I've got a present
questions playlist on the channel ok and
when it when Epstein got arrested people
just started sending me messages what
will happen to Epstein I did a video
titled will Bill Clinton have Epstein
murdered imprisoned to avoid Lolita
scandal and that was just based on all
my research had done into the Clinton
crime found me wait when did you release
that video weeks after he got arrested
and weeks before he got suicided so when
he did get suicide it my channel kind of
became this go to Channel four Epstein
news and people just kept sending him
more questions some also sent me the
unredacted black book quite quickly
before it was in circulation so I just
got on the phone and just started
calling people up like you know trying
to call people like Mick Jagger all
these people so that they all went crazy
viral some of those videos got like an
almost a million views and stuff whoa so
then I just thought it got to the point
where at to just do a daily Epstein
video at one point I was doing two
Epstein videos a day and this is like
enough now for about two bucks I think
I'm gonna do who killed Epstein Part one
and Part soon I I noticed one of the
videos that you published I was looking
at I don't know if it was a one of the
most recent ones or if it was one of the
ones in the beginning but you were
talking about how Epstein was friends
with Elon Musk and worked with Tesla
somehow in some capacity yeah when Elon
Musk tweeted that Tesla was going to get
boss out and he knew that it wasn't but
he'd been having some dealings with
Epstein and Epstein was hooked up with a
Saudi prince so there was a pipe dream
hope that that was gonna happen
and
Bossk absolutely should not have done
that tweaks it goes against all the
security laws right right you can't as a
former stockbroker I had to do all these
different exams and get my licenses and
stuff to learn all that stuff so says
the price shock well then it went right
back down I must got this huge fine and
he was being advised by Epstein around
that time yeah so I guess let's go back
a little bit and talk about Epstein for
people who aren't necessarily privy on
all the details of the case and and and
all not necessarily that case but all
the details of his history with the sex
trafficking and the organizations he was
involved with could you give me sort of
kind of like a description of our
backstory of what that is yeah Epstein
started to go out with you Lane Maxwell
who is the daughter of Robert Maxwell
and it was Robert Maxwell the bra
Epstein into the most out fold because
Maxwell he built this
multibillion-dollar criminal enterprise
whereby he was you know he could sit
down with George Bush he could sit down
with Gorbachev but he was also a lot and
laundering money for all of that
different mafias around the world the
Russian mafia the cartels the Colombians
the Japanese Yakuza and he was feeding
information to all different
intelligence agencies so we go to Russia
he had when he laundering operations set
up through Bulgarian banks and Russia
was in control that through the KGB so
he sat down with the KGB hads then when
he came to England mi5 mi6 will be
asking him what what's the Russians
saying but his heart and soul was with
Israel that's what his ultimate loyalty
was after himself of course he was you
know this is grandiose bombastic
narcissist
now Robert Maxwell he became a liability
to the intelligence agencies I'm reading
the book called the assassination from
axel right now and they detail how the
most I'd take him out and make it look
like an accident he's off his job the
lady ghilane and this is off the canary
islands and he's found dead in the water
basically and he's it comes out that
he's looted you know hundreds of
millions from pension funds and stuff
like that and all these people have lost
their money so Robert Maxwell brings
Epstein into the fold and once you into
that fold we're talking iran-contra you
know people saying we don't know Iraq
scenes money came from the money from
these elites comes from the most
profitable businesses in the world and
they're all interlinked and I learned
that because when I brought about Barry
seal he was a cocaine transporting pilot
for the CIA and it was drugs come up
from South America on these military
planes in his case they were going
through Mena Arkansas and other drops in
Arkansas George HW Bush Oliver North
were heading this scheme and Bill
Clinton's governor of Arkansas was
providing the state security
so it's drugs in weapons out that's what
Maxwell was heavily involved and he was
a key broker in the iran-contra deal
whereby Reagan was gonna have him you
know release the hostages and that was
boost his popularity in exchange for
illegally giving Iran arms which were
financed by drug deals say springing the
drugs in Gambino crime family just
wanted to crime families you know
helping them distribute it so I believe
once Epstein was introduced into that
fold his money would have come from
laundering proceeds for intelligence
agencies what's happened incident you
know weapons drugs oil and human
trafficking what we see with Epstein is
just the tip of the iceberg
there are far bigger plays than him and
he was sacrificed so that those players
wouldn't be exposed including the
Clintons including Leslie Wexner so
Wexner owner of the limited
and also you know the limited the
company the limited a Victoria's Secret
Victoria's Secret the Fashion Show the
other lingerie right and Epstein and
Wexner were tight and the properties the
Epstein had you know worth
multi-millions they came from Wexler but
there's no evidence that he actually
paid for any of them and the wax the
properties in New York it already been
fitted up with all the spy cameras
before Epstein even moved in wax and I
had it all rigged up like that so honey
traps have been used for decades by the
intelligence agencies if you can entice
people into your web people as powerful
and famous as Prince Andrew and then you
could get them in compromising
situations and Virginia Roberts you know
one of the bravest victims is just not
let this lives completely run in with
every single day I'm in communication
with her on Twitter but urge people to
go over on Twitter and retweet her stuff
and offer her support because she's had
multiple death threats FBI have even
said that they credible
she said that Prince Andrew not only had
sex with her twice individually but also
on a third occasion on the peano Island
had engaged in an orgy with her and
teenagers that were underage whoo
Epstein had procured from East Europe an
Epstein was joking saying you know they
can't even barely speak English
these are the easiest girls again and
one of the guys he was getting through
was jean-luc Brunel it were also ran a
modeling agency out of France which
launched some very famous models and
Epstein brag that he slept with over a
thousand of jean-luc burnell's girls
because of his connections to the
government he was fast tracking them
into the country he could get them visas
just like that jean-luc Bernal
gave him 12 year old triplets for his
birthday present and he was boasting to
the Epstein was boss since of Virginia
about how good the oral sex was with
these twelve-year-old girls so you know
a complete depraved entity I started
writing about the war on drugs and it
led to the Clintons and the bush crime
families and then the Hansa Epstein in
its it's a very very dark place now I've
got a weekly true crime podcast on my
youtube channel and one of the most
recent guests was Prince Andrews former
royal protection officer and he was
working for Prince Andrew Wankel a
Maxwell was just waltzing into
Buckingham Palace she didn't have to go
through the security protocol didn't
have to put a name in the system
properly and we saw Prince Andrew do
that car crash interview on the BBC and
he's talking so polite about a manner
unbecoming and a straightforward
shooting weekend but according to Paul
page the ex-cop you know if guests of
Andrews were held up Andrew would get on
the phone you know say they didn't have
ID are the gut the cops are trying to do
the proper security procedures yeah
Andrew just just get on the phone like
let that fucking person through now
before I fucking come down now
I'll fucking have you lose your job
don't you know who I am so that's the
kind of character that he really was but
he's not the brightest bulb right not
the brightest crayon in the box no I
mean Epstein and Maxwell are at the
sharp level and they've got that
psychopathic deviant level of knowledge
Andrew I believe was seduced into that
but he wanted to get that power leverage
over him and he found it so seductive
that even after Epstein had been
convicted the first time around when he
got his sweetheart deal right against
the wishes of the royal family Andrew
went back over so Epstein's four day
celebration from prison party where
Prince Andrew was the guest of honor and
Andrew gets on the BBC and says he was
going flying all that way to just to
break up his relationship with Epstein
well that BBC interview was just one big
lied the whole thing even the FBI have
called him out he said I'm really
cooperate with all of the
law-enforcement agencies and now the FBI
all these people all these lawyers
prosecutors are saying multiple times
they've contacted the royal Buckingham
Palace and lawyers and Andrews not being
forthcoming at all
so the whole thing was just one big
whopper that interview but what Paul
page said was the Royal cop
Andrew did know that whatever he said
even if he incriminating himself he will
never spend the day in jail because the
royal family is so powerful it's one law
for them and another law for the rest of
the world anyone else would have been
SWAT team raided and sent to prison and
stabbed in the belly by the Aryan
brothers would be Rena Chama
unbelievable man so where do you see
this whole thing what do you see
becoming of the entire app seat Epstein
suicide where do you see this ending up
where do you see this be how do you see
this being viewed in 10 years from now
and also what is the current state of
the investigation if there is any sort
of if it's still an ongoing
investigation I know that you mentioned
in a video that you just recently
released that there was capillaries
under his eyelids that they found that
were that had burst yeah it's the Royal
scandal of the century the royal family
have tried to push it out the media here
by getting all the media contacts to
focus on meth on the magazine situation
with Harry and Megan and they did manage
to do that it was dominating the news
after Android dominating the news but
then when the FBI and nails tangibles
are cooperating it just popped right
back up the news headlines again yeah so
it's got all the hallmarks of something
than thought nuts that's not going to go
away use if you'd if there's a murder
and it solved the public is satisfied
but look at Kennedy look at princess die
so I think 1020 years now people will
still be
talking about Epstein when in the
history of the MCC the Metropolitan
Correctional Center has the on the
record but in two guards ever fall
asleep simultaneously since it opened in
1975 it's never ever happened the
cameras conveniently the footage is not
available the only people have been
arrested the guards it's a classic look
at the pressure that was put on his neck
it's a cause that the free fractures the
hyoid hyoid broken and like you said the
the capillaries in the eyes it's it's
it's obvious his cellmate was taken out
they put him in with Nikolas Tartaglia
on a cop turned gangster who murdered
four people in a nightclub they were
enticed who to do a drug deal and buried
him in the garden this guy he could have
just snapped that Epstein's net with one
of his hands he's so powerful looking it
was massive the convict code is such
that if you're a gangsta you're putting
a cell of a chomo kos kill on sight
right yeah so I think that the suspects
are Tartaglia only even though he was
taken out could have been let back in to
finish the job
quid pro quo he's up for the death
penalty let's see if he gets a softer
sentence already the boss of that jail
has been awarded after a Belle bar said
this guy should be relegated to a desk
job the bosses the jails already got a
cushy job somewhere else so he got
rewarded so total deep state operation
maybe Tartaglia only went in but the
quid-pro-quo
maybe guards went in and did it maybe
he's you know send some people in from
the intelligence community some have men
dressed as guards could have gone in and
done it well they took the cameras out
and and just the method of
- Tony we talked about to Tony's when I
was writing his life story when I was in
his cell yeah and he you know he was
talking about all these methods of
murdering people and burying bodies and
that's all in his book and I asked them
I said how would you kill me right now
just thinking he would describe it and
in a split second he jumped up grabbed
an electrical cord got behind me wrapped
it around my neck and started to choke
me out and I know I can't breathe when
one stands get a bit dizzy and I'm like
a panicking at a party and you let it go
just like that now
there were some photos I think 60
minutes got access to some photos of the
death scene and there were multiple
electrical cords
in the cell pictures of all mr. shovels
so so let's say tactically only goes in
a guard goes in a hit man for the
intelligence agency goes in just get
that cord wrapped around his neck BAM
if - Tony's a professional killer felt
that was the most efficient way to do it
that could have been the murder weapon
right there in those photos that's crazy
I didn't realize there was an electrical
cord in actual photos of the scene yeah
Wow yeah well thank you man thank you
for sharing your story I'm super
grateful for you coming on here yeah I
mean your stories are just absolutely
riveting not only your personal stories
but the stories that that you've told
like up to Tony's and and your knowledge
of the Epstein and and the Clintons and
and all the corruption going on in the
world and drugs just incredible I can't
thank you enough and where can the
people listening to this on concrete
find more of your stuff online and you
know your links to all your social media
platforms thanks man there's just tons
more content on my youtube channel which
is just under my name I've got the
weekly true crime podcast usually two
hours where I interview ex guards ex
cops ex gangsters experts in the epstein
case all my books are available
worldwide Amazon
books out now and all my socials are
under my name as well and I'll you know
I'll put some clips up on my channel and
really appreciate people subscribing
it's free and I hope your subscribers
enjoy this content as well Danny
appreciate having me oh hell yeah man
thank you so much it's been a blast
[Music]